Add performance documentation (#2136)
systemjs/systemjs: README.md

Since all loader features are hookable, custom extensions can be easily made following the same approach as the bundled extras. See the [hooks documentation](docs/hooks.md) for more information.

## Performance

> SystemJS can load modules in less than a millisecond, and its performance is very nearly identical to that of native ES modules. The following performance benchmark was run by loading 450 javascript modules (all of `@babel/core`) on a Macbook pro with fast wifi internet connection. Each test was the average of five page loads in Chrome 80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SystemJS can load multiple modules in less than a millisecond with its performance close to around a factor of 1.5 times the performance of native ES modules. The following performance benchmark was run by loading 450 javascript modules (all of `@babel/core`) on a Macbook pro with fast wifi internet connection. Each test was the average of five page loads in Chrome 80.
```
